peachie found how are we doing today
every day a company sends me stuff to be
featured and very rarely do I feel like
they're worth it so I got something sent
to me that is this thing so here's the
thing a lot of my content creator
friends have something like this a
stabili stabilizer a stabilizer that
they can put their phone or their big
DSLR or mirrorless camera on there are
different sizes of cranes stabilizers to
use for different cameras when I'm not
using my Sony rx100 or my a 7s2 I am
using my iPhone and I've got these
handy-dandy lenses they're called moment
lenses that I just put on the back of my
phone and I get a wide-angle a
superficial photo I get all these are
had things with my iPhone so I started
getting excited about shooting with my
phone a lot but sometimes it's hard to
get that stable shot you know if you're
writing a lecture skateboard you just
walk in and you're your arms is just
going like that and just things don't
look good so I was about to buy a is I
and then thumb stabilizer but I was
reading comments and if they don't
balance correctly when you have these
heavy lenses on them and then this came
in the mail this apparently is a
stabilizer that can balance the extra
weight of having a case and having
lenses attached let's unbox
[Music]
okay so I'm actually not too sure how to
use this thing so I'm actually reading
for the manual it is charging right now
but I think it's time to give it a try
maybe oh my gosh Jonathan thinks that
the cheese you have a wholeness and I do
not wear a hair it's just like I do not
worry I do not wear it that is insane
I know your skin color as in like the
lightness no that's that's true are you
calling me white no it's not like that I
just today I have bad news about the
stabilizer I had high hopes that I would
be able to use my moment lenses which
require a case and then also these
lenses which are heavy I mean they're
built like a tank
I tried to turn on the crane and it just
couldn't lift it up and couldn't support
it so this is what I have now done this
is another kind of lens it is a pic
stirrer lit instead of screwing on with
a case it basically clips on to your
phone no case required so this is the
moment of truth if this works because it
makes sense the chicken the picture has
a clip on the moment I saw that I was
like I'm gonna be able to use my moment
lenses not true alright guys I'm going
to press the power button here is the
moment of truth
oh here goes the first try I have filmic
Pro loaded up on my iPhone it's a good
video app that allows you to record and
24 frames per second on the iPhone with
the new updated phone so you're gonna be
able to record 24 frames per second
internally which is going to be amazing
okay first impressions it's kind of
weird
it looks good there's three months so
this mode it just goes with the flow and
life will turn with this stabilizer and
then you can use this little circle do
you see this circle right here to move
the phone up and down to tilt it so
let's look at gaming joystick you know
okay here we go first test in the first
mood
[Music]
okay
so right now I am using this in selfie
mode wow this is so smooth what's up
guys we're gonna vlog today all of those
lenses I showed you earlier we're moment
lenses but these are the clip-on ones
pick stir I did a comparison the
difference between the two lenses you
can check it here time to go first
elevator but people always forget about
the upper deck you gotta go up twice go
up this escalator
we nailed it
[Music]
I'm the top larach have been getting
funny but it started spazzing out on me
a little bit so I yes so I put on the
telephoto lens this is the longer lens
and I think it's just heavier than the Y
that I've been using it's just it's kind
of freaking out a little bit it's been
working for a hot minute but all of the
footage that you've seen other than the
stuff I just shot with the telephoto
lens was just my iPhone camera John you
look majestic no thanks I wasn't even
trying this so weird look just so pretty
I mean handsome you look so handsome I
think pretty is the right word yeah I
think you're right it's the perfect time
of day this place is completely packed
okay so there was one layer four people
against the walls and now there's two or
three so you have to wait in line to get
a normal view it's getting crazier
[Music]
flags the Rockefeller vibes John and I
have been watching 30 rock a time
unfortunately it's gonna be off of
Netflix soon so we've been going through
the episodes as quick as possible and
guess where we are 30 Rockefeller just
look at how many people are around us
right now hope you enjoy this NYC why is
it such a pee
full-day and the last thing is to get
some footage of John skating while I am
on the electric skateboard so let's go
[Music]
all right I am now back home final
thoughts on the zai Yoon smooth three
phone stabilizers this thing is cool
although I'm slightly disappointed
because I really wanted a phone
stabilizer that could handle the weight
of moment lens --is and the case on my
phone but this will work with clip-on
iPhone lenses like picture ollie clip
those types of lenses this setup is
super quick all you do is to just put
your phone in here hold down the power
button and it goes zoom and you're good
to go
I was using the filmic Pro app to shoot
all of my footage so it enables you to
switch in between 24 frames per second
and the different frame rate it's a very
easily quick pro tip when you're using
one of these stabilizers and maybe it's
not like super perfect buttery smooth
all you have to do is just add some work
stabilizer on top of the footage and you
it's gonna seem like you're floating in
the air and they're gonna be
in this video is brought to you by the
Kingston bolt it is on my keys at all
times it is expandable storage for your
iPhone
I made an entire video on it it's good
NYC vibes you can check it out here and
for more information check out the link
in the description box below again thank
you to Kingston Technology for
sponsoring this video and let me know
what you guys want to see next on a tech
review what camera phone
quirky cool devices do you want to see
me making videos about the Kingston bolt
the stabilizer that I use in this video
all my socials are linked in the
description below so let me know if you
liked this video hit that subscribe
button down below if you're not a part
of the PGM yet become a part of the
peachy fam until next time stay peachy
okay bye
[Music]
you